# leaflet-challenge

## Background Information
The United States Geological Survey, or USGS for short, is responsible for providing scientific data about natural hazards, the health of our ecosystems and environment, and the impacts of climate and land-use change. Their scientists develop new methods and tools to supply timely, relevant, and useful information about the Earth and its processes.
The USGS is interested in building a new set of tools that will allow them to visualize their earthquake data. They collect a massive amount of data from all over the world each day, but they lack a meaningful way of displaying it. In this challenge, you have been tasked with developing a way to visualize USGS data that will allow them to better educate the public and other government organizations (and hopefully secure more funding) on issues facing our planet.


## Project Content
- code for Part 1: Leaflet-Part-1 => static => js => logic.js
- code for Part 2: Leaflet-Part-1 => static => js => logic.js

## Notes
This data analysis is conducted independently by Bochao Gia Liu. 
Used code references outside curriculum includes reference from Stack Overflow. 
All the data used is being provided by UC Berkeley Data Analytics Boot Camp. 

* * *
## Data References
Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.
Image comes from NASA website: 
JPL.Earth Mars Comparison.November 3, 2000.November 16, 2023.https://science.nasa.gov/_ipx/w_2560&f_webp/https://images-assets.nasa.gov/image/PIA02570/PIA02570~orig.jpg%3Fw=2800%26h=1824%26fit=clip%26crop=faces%252Cfocalpoint
